#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements_min.txt requirements.txt
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   posthog
    #   unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   wikipedia
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pulsar-client
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
chroma-hnswlib==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
chromadb==0.3.29
    # via -r requirements.txt
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
clickhouse-connect==0.8.3
    # via chromadb
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
dataclasses-json-speakeasy==0.5.11
    # via unstructured-client
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via pikepdf
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
duckdb==1.1.2
    # via chromadb
effdet==0.4.1
    # via layoutparser
emoji==2.14.0
    # via unstructured
fastapi==0.85.1
    # via chromadb
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hnswlib==0.8.0
    # via chromadb
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via openai
huggingface-hub==0.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.2.1
    # via streamlit
iopath==0.1.10
    # via layoutparser
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-community==0.0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchainhub==0.1.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
langsmith==0.1.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
layoutparser[layoutmodels,tesseract]==0.3.4
    # via unstructured-inference
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   pikepdf
    #   unstructured
lz4==4.3.3
    # via clickhouse-connect
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   dataclasses-json-speakeasy
    #   unstructured-client
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via pycocotools
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
narwhals==1.9.4
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   chroma-hnswlib
    #   chromadb
    #   contourpy
    #   hnswlib
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycocotools
    #   pydeck
    #   rank-bm25
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via effdet
onnx==1.17.0
    # via unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.15.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   unstructured-inference
openai==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-openai
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
overrides==7.7.0
    # via chromadb
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   chromadb
    #   layoutparser
    #   streamlit
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
pdfminer-six==20221105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
pikepdf==8.13.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pikepdf
    #   pillow-heif
    #   pytesseract
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pillow-heif==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via iopath
posthog==3.7.0
    # via chromadb
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   streamlit
pulsar-client==3.5.0
    # via chromadb
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   chromadb
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pypdf==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pypdfium2==4.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
    #   streamlit
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.12
    # via unstructured-inference
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   pandas
pywin32==308
    # via portalocker
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   layoutparser
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
rapidfuzz==3.10.0
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   posthog
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
    #   wikipedia
rich==13.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.20.4
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.31.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-openai
timm==1.0.11
    # via effdet
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   chromadb
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
torch==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.38.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via langchainhub
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   dataclasses-json-speakeasy
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via streamlit
unstructured==0.12.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
unstructured-client==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.7.23
    # via -r requirements.txt
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
    #   unstructured-client
uvicorn[standard]==0.32.0
    # via chromadb
validators==0.34.0
    # via streamlit
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
websockets==13.1
    # via uvicorn
wikipedia==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
yarl==1.15.5
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via clickhouse-connect
